Welcome back.
Let's get into some fun interview questions.
We're going to start off with a very, very common one.
And it shouldn't be too complicated to start us off.
The interviewer asks you.
Can you create a function that reverses a string?
So if you passed into this function right here.
Hi.
My name is Andre.
It should return.
This gibberish that is.
Oh, and I forgot.
And here this gibberish that is well backwards.
It's just simply reversing a string.
Now, I want you to go ahead and try this in your own reply, or whichever text editor you use and see
if you can think through the problem.
Use what you know about arrays to solve this.
Now, keep in mind, when it comes to questions like these, there are many ways to do things.
As programmers, we know this right?
There are so many ways to solve a problem.
And depending on our style, our knowledge and time, we're going to come up with different solutions.
So if your answer is different than mine, well, that's not the worst thing.
What you want to be able to do is to think through a problem and understand why you made those decisions.
So go ahead, reverse a string and I'll see you in the solution video.